9 a.m. in Shanghai Shenzhen and here in Hong Kong you're watching the China show
I'm Yvonne Man with David English. Good morning. We're counting down to the open at markets in greater China
Let's get to your top stories
This Friday Asian stocks tracking Wall Street gains while oil is dropping on use of a tentative
Deal between you as an Iran to extend their ceasefire by 60 days upbeat tech headlines also lifting sentiment with Anthropa's valuation
topping open AI and a new funding round and strong
AI server demand boosting Dell's outlook.
Also ahead, we speak to Boston Dynamics
about integrating humanoid robots into industries
and the role of government regulation.
Plus a closer look at advancements
in China's biotech sector and Hong Kong's push
to revive tourism.
All right, so it is happy Friday as you of course countdown to the weekend and certainly this this source is telling us that maybe we are
Seeing some sort of fruition here in some sort of deal at least that ceasefire has been extended according to well our reporting to for
60 days now, so that certainly there's lifting risk assets all over. Yeah, it really has I think the dollar has really been on offer
We've been looking at this rally the mirror of the softness
in the dollar in the form of EMFX, which I think is up every single day, I believe, going
into today, it's early days and Friday, but that's another thing we're tracking today,
given, of course, this backdrop of this risk rally and, of course, within that, of course,
tech, even without, certainly, the backdrop has rallied even more so with that rally that
we're seeing today.
What's going to be key is the context on oil, right?
So we've been waiting for oil to take up 90 bucks.
Just for context, if we do, we're still up 55% here.
To date, we're down 20% from the peaks.
So just put that into context given the yield
and inflation story that we've been also tracking
simultaneously here.
Yeah, so it seems like we are hovering around
that $90 handle more so than 100,
which is a good signal here.
That's a quote, quote, good thing.
Yeah, so certainly we'll see.
I mean, there still seems to be some mixed messages.
You have the likes of JD Vans, the vice president,
saying that they're going back and forth
on certain language points as well.
So there's still kind of the devils
and the details and all things like that.
But certainly, as you mentioned, right,
The tech team continued.
when you have all these guests from the Humanoid Summit in Tokyo talking about really the prospects
of Chinese humanoids, robots, and really the outlook there. And then, of course,
we're talking about biotech this hour, too, which also continues to be a pretty hot topic.
There's a very important oncology summit in the U.S. and...
There's a deal, Pfizer and Inevit, as well.
Yes, that outsourcing deal, licensing deal, rather. And I think that's really a key growth
area for Chinese biotech. And I think they're going to be presenting some of the data that
that they've been busy with and the trials and I think.
AI and how they're managing to get the data is going to be interesting to see how that
rewriting is taking place because MSCI China healthcare actually has missed out on this
rally because of what we're seeing in AI.
But I think we'll see whether or not we get that cat out of this today.
Just speak of tech, right?
It's a new day, but it's the same theme.
We talked about Lenovo at the start of the week.
Now it's their peer and Dell and they're raising their outlook there in terms of their
guidance.
instead of just rewriting an anthropic closing,
I think it's series A.
Yeah, close to about a trillion in and valuation there. So yeah, there's plenty of news out there
It seems at least now and even that the geopolitical temperature has been a tempered down slightly
So this is what we're seeing when it comes to
Markets, so we're seeing 1% Keynes and in Japan and Taiwan in
Korea here today. NASA features are slightly to the downside here
But certainly there's a lot to go through. Let's get to our top story and bring in of course our team
But we're managing editor Jill Deesus and our market supporter Anthony Sears.
Jill, I'll start with you.
It's a tentative deal.
What do we know at this point?
Yes, Yvonne, I think tentative there
is really the thing to really underscore here.
This deal is still pending Trump's sign off.
Axios is reporting that Trump's asked for a couple of days
to think it over.
Essentially, what we're looking at
is a 60-day extension of the truce that's in place.
Although, remember, the ceasefire that we're already seeing,
there have been some isolated military strikes
involved with that already.
So another thing to really consider here.
but when it comes to this latest sort of
The potential extension of this truce, you're looking at, you know, some negotiations over
maybe there's a memorandum of understanding that the Strait would be fairly open, that
Iran would remove mines in the Strait of Hormuz, but again, none of this is completely
locked down.
We're still waiting for Trump to decide.
And I do want to stress the other thing that we heard from Treasury Secretary Scott
Besin earlier, which is that, you know, any sort of a longer lasting deal would have
have to consider what Trump has as his three red lines.
is Iran would have to hand over enriched uranium
that the Strait of Hormuz would remain open
and that ultimately Iran would have to end
its nuclear program, which of course,
still does seem like a very, very long way
from actually reaching any kind of a deal on.
I think all of that is, again,
something really important to consider here.
Does it look like he's gonna sign it?
And you said fairly open on the Strait of Hormuz.
What does that mean?
Right, yeah, I mean, look, David,
I think when it comes to what Trump's actually thinking,
I'm not in the business of predicting exact...
how he's going to decide on some of these things.
But when it comes to the trade-off for moves,
again, it's that idea of the waterways would be open.
I do, though, want to stress that some of the conversation
that we've seen from Trump over the last few days
has been a bit confusing and unclear to follow.
I mean, he certainly said that one thing that he wants
the US to be involved in is watching over the straits.
So there's various elements here
that I think are still a little bit unclear.
But again, we'll have to see whether or not the ceasefire...
extension actually takes place. Okay, we'll watch this and update our viewers and clients once we
have more information there. Jill, thank you so much. So we're going into the opening bell here,
25 minutes away. We're looking at A50 Futures coming up on your screens. This bond market
rally that we've been tracking in a Monday, in fact, cutting their bond overweight given,
of course, what that's already given them. And of course, we're trading at about 10, 11 month
lows on the 10-year yield.
850 futures are doing this.
We're looking at...
So on top of gold and oil, copper has also been giving us something to talk about recently
and that's also been picking up.
And there we go, copper in Shanghai is at 1.2.
And I wonder why we're looking at a cross-rate, but that should be still relatively the same.
There we go.
677.43 against the U.S. is the reference rate today.
Yeah.
It's the exchange rate today.
Let's get to Anthony now.
He's been watching all things markets.
I mean, these flood of tech headlines, that really kind of sets up the semi-trade once
you get in China.
I've given the tech headline set up the only
The green, only red on the screen is going to be your jacket, right?
Like, the setup for the market is so strong.
We've had positive headlines from everything from the LLM sector,
all the way down to the smallest capacitor chips.
It's been a relentless drumbeat of positive headlines.
And now with Anthropic looking to raise almost a trillion dollars,
you can see where the capex money is coming from.
Like, the visibility on that cash flow is crystal clear.
And you're seeing that reflected in markets early today, right?
you see Korea.
Doing its vanilla thing. Semis are very strong. Robotics are very strong. The setup into China is actually as strong
BYDs launching their own chip. This follows
ByteDance's deal with Qualcomm and then
And also ByteDance is looking at developing their own in-house chips as well
So there's a lot going on in the China chip ecosystem that should support risk-taking today in Asia just generally
That's not a K-Web play though is it? Correct. K-Web lagged again last night
right and this continues this pattern of
kind of bearishness on the China consumer. Coming into our session we have JP Morgan
downgrading kind of the Maotai and Baijun as well. So the China consumer is
weirdly very similar to the US consumer. In the midst of this AI boom, consumers on
both sides of the Pacific are struggling and especially lower middle class and
middle class consumers. This comes as a risk towards the back end of the year
but for now that is very contained to the consumer discretion and consumer
stable sectors.
Last word on China macro.
Look, China micro was stable before the Iran situation resolved is kind of heading to a resolution.
It remains very stable. China has a lot of fiscal and monetary space. We had a great
being around the fact that the AI transformation is a loving China to tolerate a stronger yuan.
So they have space to cut rates into that. They have space to add fiscal stimulus as
well. The problem here is all these stimulatory measures have not managed to meaningfully
move the needle on consumer consumption.
That requires a deeper reform of national systems around pensions and health insurance and stuff like that
So until you see those measures this bifurcation in markets will continue where China hardware tech does really well and the China consumer space
Truggles. Yeah, I think there's a great story about how some of these
Funds consumer funds are really kind of bringing in more tech people in to kind of shift a little bit the dynamics
They're fun here. Just give it. How how it's underperforming
AI tutorials. Yeah, a little bit of a shift there. Anthony, thank you.
There's a market reporter there joining us on the latest in all things China and tech coming up
We're gonna stick to tech and go live at the human or robot summit in Tokyo and speak with Boston Dynamics
About a market that Morgan Stanley says could be worth
$7 trillion by 2050 we're kind down the open of trade and Shanghai Shenzhen and Hong Kong. This is the China show